Make issue templates more adequate to G-Node/gogs (#68)
G-Node/gogs: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/security.md

<!--

Please create a dummy issue with high-level description of the security vulnerability,

> then report details to Achilleas Koutsou <achilleas.k@gmail.com> privately, thank you!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
then report details to Achilleas Koutsou <koutsou@bio.lmu.com> privately, thank you!
```
Use my work email instead.
